Clarify joining gateway migration mapping (#6369)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/process-instance-migration.md

- The joining gateway in the process instance must be mapped to the target gateway.
- The target gateway must have at least the same number of incoming sequence flows as the source gateway.

Consider the following example:
The process instance is waiting at the joining parallel gateway, with an incoming sequence flow `flow1` is taken as the element `A` is completed. Element `B` is still active and waiting at the user task.

![The instance waiting on joining gateway.](assets/process-instance-migration/migration-joining-gateway-before.png)

Then, the process definition is updated to include an element `C` before the joining gateway.

![Process definition is updated to include C.](assets/process-instance-migration/migration-joining-gateway-modeler-after.png)

To migrate the process instance, the following mapping instructions must be provided:

- From the active element `B` to the target element `B`
- From the joining parallel gateway instance `gateway1` to the target joining parallel gateway `gateway2`

> - From the taken sequence flow `flow1` to the target sequence flow `flow2`

Reviewer: 👍 The list is a lot easier to digest, good idea.

Consider the following example:
The process instance is waiting at the joining parallel gateway, with an incoming sequence flow `flow1`, taken after the element `A` completes. Element `B` is still active and waiting at the user task.

![The instance waiting on joining gateway.](assets/process-instance-migration/migration-joining-gateway-before.png)

Then, the process definition is updated to include element `C` before the joining gateway.

<img src={TargetProcessDefinition} alt="Process definition is updated to include C." class="img-600"/>

To migrate the process instance, provide the following mapping instructions:

- From the active element `B` to the target element `B`.
- From the joining parallel gateway instance `gateway1` to the target joining parallel gateway `gateway2`.
- From the sequence flow `flow1` to the target sequence flow `flow2`.

After the migration, the process instance will look like the following:

<img src={ProcessInstanceAfterMigration} alt="The instance waiting on service task B." class="img-600"/>

In the example above, another element `C` is added before the joining gateway in the target process definition.

> To complete the process instance after the migration, element `B` must be completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the migration, element `B` must still be completed for the process instance to continue through the gateway.
```
